CONTRIBUTION_GUIDE.md, before:

# Contributing to Superface

We welcome contributions to our [open source project on GitHub](https://github.com/superfaceai/parser).

**Please open an issue first if you want to make larger changes**

## Introduction

We are glad that you are interested in Superface in the way of contributing. We value the pro-community developers as you are.

## Help the community

1) Report an Error or a Bug
2) Contribute to the Documentation
3) Provide Support on Issues

## Need help?

If you have any question about this project (for example, how to use it) or if you just need some clarification about anything, please open an Issue at [Issues](https://github.com/superfaceai/parser/issues).

## Contributing

Follow these steps:

1. **Fork & Clone** the repository  
2. **Setup** the Superface Parser
   - Install packages with `yarn install` or `npm install`
   - Build with `yarn build` or `npm build`
   - Run tests with `yarn test` or `npm test`
   - Lint code with `yarn lint:fix` or `npm lint:fix`
3. **Commit** changes to your own branch by convention. See https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
4. **Push** your work back up to your fork  
5. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request.**

**NOTE: Please open an issue first if you want to make larger changes**

### Contribute by reporting bugs

If you are experiencing bug or undocumented behavior please open an Issue with bug template at [Issues](https://github.com/superfaceai/parser/issues).

### Contribute to documentation

Help us improve Superface documentation, you can report typos, improve examples.

**NOTE: If editing the README, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.**

## Copyright and Licensing

The Superface Parser open source project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

chore: parser setup in contribution guide

CONTRIBUTION_GUIDE.md, after:

# Contributing to Superface

We welcome contributions to our [open source project on GitHub](https://github.com/superfaceai/parser).

**Please open an issue first if you want to make larger changes**

## Introduction

We are glad that you are interested in Superface in the way of contributing. We value the pro-community developers as you are.

## Help the community

1) Report an Error or a Bug
2) Contribute to the Documentation
3) Provide Support on Issues

## Need help?

If you have any question about this project (for example, how to use it) or if you just need some clarification about anything, please open an Issue at [Issues](https://github.com/superfaceai/parser/issues).

## Contributing

Follow these steps:

1. **Fork & Clone** the repository  
2. **Setup** the Superface Parser
   - Create `.npmrc` with following line `@superfaceai:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com`
   - Authenticate to github npm package registry `npm login --registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com`
   - Install the package by calling `yarn add @superfaceai/parser`
3. **Commit** changes to your own branch by convention. See https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
4. **Push** your work back up to your fork  
5. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request.**

**NOTE: Please open an issue first if you want to make larger changes**

### Contribute by reporting bugs

If you are experiencing bug or undocumented behavior please open an Issue with bug template at [Issues](https://github.com/superfaceai/parser/issues).

### Contribute to documentation

Help us improve Superface documentation, you can report typos, improve examples.

**NOTE: If editing the README, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.**

## Copyright and Licensing

The Superface Parser open source project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
